REVO® Quarter Turn Actuators

# [Home - BWVE Fluid Equipment (Shanghai) Co,. Ltd.](/en.html)

[Home](/en.html 'home') [繁體版](/tw.html '切換到繁體中文版') [简体版](/ '切换到简体中文版') [English](/en.html 'Switch to English Version')

Search: Search

- [Home](/en.html 'Home')
- [Products](/valves/87.html 'Products')
- [Imports](/valves/88.html 'Imports')
- [News](/article/arts/85.html 'News')
- [Support](/article/arts/86.html 'Support')
- [About Us](/about_en.html 'About Us')
- [Contact Us](/contact_en.html 'Contact Us')

[Import valves](/valves/88.html 'Import valves')[Butterfly-valve](/valves/89.html)[Gate-valve](/valves/90.html)[Globe-valve](/valves/91.html)[Reducing-valve](/valves/92.html)[Stop-valve](/valves/93.html)[Draining-valve](/valves/94.html)[Check-valve](/valves/95.html)[Diaphragm-valve](/valves/96.html)[Discharge-valve](/valves/97.html)[Filter-valve](/valves/98.html)

**Location:**[Home](/en.html) >> [Crane](/valves/100.html) >> [REVO® Quarter Turn Actuators](/valve/78.html)

## REVO® Quarter Turn Actuators

  
**REVO® Quarter Turn Actuators**

REVO® Quarter Turn Actuators  
Model:REVO Quarter Turn Actuators  
Caliber:DN15+mm  
Material:Cast steel  
Pressure:1.6MPa-100MPa

+86 021 - 5160 2668

+86 151 - 6007 4648

### REVO® Quarter Turn Actuatorsintroduction:

REVO Quarter Turn ActuatorsOverviewThe REVO brand is the standard for excellence and performance in actuator technology and is widely recognized in the process industries as a leader in quality and in

### REVO® Quarter Turn ActuatorsDetail:

REVO® Quarter Turn Actuators

 Overview

The REVO® brand is the standard for excellence and performance in actuator technology and is widely recognized in the process industries as a leader in quality and innovation.

That innovation is partnered with a manufacturing excellence to drive advances in product technology. With our combined knowledge and experience we can offer the optimum actuator for any application.

The REVO Series R range of actuators is ideal for operating quarter-turn valves, especially butterfly, ball and plug valves. Additional areas of applications are 90º or 180º rotary motion.

The linear counter movement of the pistons is transmitted into the required 90º travel by means of the integrated racks of the pistons and the pinion.

All REVO actuators are suitable for on/off or modulating control operations. Double-acting actuators are operated by air in both directions (open and closed) whilst single-acting actuators can be supplied with springs to open or close. On air failure these will then go into a fail-safe position.

### Related:

- [Needle valve](/valve/84.html 'Needle valve')

- [SpiraxSarco Check Valves](/valve/83.html 'SpiraxSarco Check Valves')

- [Bellows Sealed Stop Valves](/valve/82.html 'Bellows Sealed Stop Valves')

- [Ball Float Steam Traps](/valve/81.html 'Ball Float Steam Traps')

- [XOMOX Process Two Piece Ball Valves](/valve/80.html 'XOMOX Process Two Piece Ball Valves')

- [CRANE Cast Steel Gate Valves](/valve/79.html 'CRANE Cast Steel Gate Valves')

- [REVO® Quarter Turn Actuators](/valve/78.html 'REVO® Quarter Turn Actuators')

- [Center Line® Resilient Seated Butterfly Valves](/valve/77.html 'Center Line® Resilient Seated Butterfly Valves')

Search

## Navigation

- [Inlet Valve](/valves/88.html 'Inlet Valve')
- [Crane](/valves/100.html)
- [SpiraxSarco](/valves/101.html)
- [Jung](/valves/102.html)
- [Hank](/valves/103.html)
- [Hattersley](/valves/104.html)
- [Fitok](/valves/105.html)
- [Yoshitake](/valves/106.html)
- [Flowserve](/valves/107.html)
- [Tyco](/valves/108.html)
- [Rongpai](/valves/109.html)

## Product

- [Product](/valves/87.html 'Product')
- [Butterfly-valve](/valves/89.html)
- [Gate-valve](/valves/90.html)
- [Globe-valve](/valves/91.html)
- [Reducing-valve](/valves/92.html)
- [Stop-valve](/valves/93.html)
- [Draining-valve](/valves/94.html)
- [Check-valve](/valves/95.html)
- [Diaphragm-valve](/valves/96.html)
- [Discharge-valve](/valves/97.html)
- [Filter-valve](/valves/98.html)

## Inlet Valve

- [Needle valve](/valve/84.html)
- [SpiraxSarco Check Valves](/valve/83.html)
- [Bellows Sealed Stop Valves](/valve/82.html)
- [Ball Float Steam Traps](/valve/81.html)
- [XOMOX Process Two Piece Ball Valves](/valve/80.html)
- [CRANE Cast Steel Gate Valves](/valve/79.html)
- [REVO® Quarter Turn Actuators](/valve/78.html)
- [Center Line® Resilient Seated Butterfly Valves](/valve/77.html)
- [Center Line® Series RS Butterfly Valves](/valve/76.html)
- [Duo-Chek® High Performance Non-Slam Check Valves](/valve/75.html)

[Inlet Valve](/valves/88.html 'Inlet Valve')[Butterfly-valve](/valves/89.html)[Gate-valve](/valves/90.html)[Globe-valve](/valves/91.html)[Reducing-valve](/valves/92.html)[Stop-valve](/valves/93.html)[Draining-valve](/valves/94.html)[Check-valve](/valves/95.html)[Diaphragm-valve](/valves/96.html)[Discharge-valve](/valves/97.html)[Filter-valve](/valves/98.html)

Address:Guangqian Road, Nanqiao, Fengxian District, Shanghai.  
Tel: +86 151-6007 4648
